Add 5.X to 6.0 migration documentation. (#6924)
microsoft/CCF: doc/build_apps/migration_5_x_to_6_0.rst

5.x to 6.0 Migration Guide
==========================

This page outlines the major changes introduced in 6.0 and how developers and operators should update their applications and deployments when migrating from 5.x to 6.0.

A full feature list is available in the `6.0 release notes <https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/releases/tag/ccf-6.0.0-rc0>`_.

Join policy updates
-----------

When a node is started in ``Start`` or ``Recovery`` mode, it populates the join policy with its own environment.
Specifically on C-ACI, new SNP nodes will populate ``nodes.snp.host_data``, ``nodes.snp.uvm_endorsements`` and ``nodes.snp.tcb_versions`` with their corresponding local values.

> The benefit is that if new deployments are deployed on homogenous hardware and software stacks, then the join policy will automatically be populated with the correct values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The benefit is that if new nodes are deployed on homogenous hardware and software stacks, then the join policy will automatically be populated with the correct values.
```

SNP TCB version
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

CCF now also supports validating the TCB version of the joining node's attestation.

> This introduced a new table, ``nodes.snp.tcb_versions``, which is the minimum TCB version for joining nodes and is automatically populated for new networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This introduced a new table, ``nodes.snp.tcb_versions``, which is the minimum TCB version for joining nodes, per CPU model, and is automatically populated for new networks.
```

Old networks which are migrating to 6.0 will need to populate this table manually, using the ``set_snp_minimum_tcb_version`` governance action.

> If they are not populated then new nodes may fail when joining the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If they are not populated then new nodes may fail to join the network.
```

For example to set the minimum TCB version on Milan CPUs the following proposal can be submitted:
.. code-block:: json

    {
      "actions": [
        {
          "name": "set_snp_minimum_tcb_version",
          "args": {
            "cpuid": "00a0f11",
            "tcb_version": {
              "boot_loader": 255,
              "tee": 255,
              "snp": 255, 
              "microcode": 255 
            }
          }
        }
      ]
    }

CCF release distribution
------------------------

> CCF is no longer releasing docker images, or ubuntu 20.04 packages.
> Instead CCF is releasing a single RPM package which can be installed on Azure Linux 3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binary releases now target Azure Linux 3.0, and are provided as RPM packages, `ccf-devel` for application development, and `ccf` for the runtime. Reference dockerfiles are provided, but containers and Debian packages are no longer published.
```

5.x to 6.0 Migration Guide
==========================

This page outlines the major changes introduced in 6.0 and how developers and operators should update their applications and deployments when migrating from 5.x to 6.0.

> A full feature list is available in the 6.0 release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full feature list is available in the `6.0 release notes <https://github.com/microsoft/CCF/releases/tag/ccf-6.0.0-rc0>`_.
```

> To summarise the headline features, we are ending support for SGX platforms, improving the join policy for validating the security of new members, and changing the distribution model for CCF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Join policy updates
-----------

> When a member is started in ``Start`` or ``Recovery`` mode, it populates the join policy with its own environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a node is started in ``Start`` or ``Recovery`` mode, it populates the join policy from its own environment.
```

Author: Member is consortiuim member and node is ccf node?

> For example on C-ACI ``nodes.snp.host_data`` will be populated with the security policy of the container.

Reviewer: We should mention the UVM endorsement descriptors here as well (#6869, #6482).
